Documentation 14.0: adding files storages permissions explanation (#15298)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/users-permissions/roles-permissions/README.md

Permissions control what users can see and do within OpenProject. Permission are granted to users by assigning one or more roles to the users.

### File storages permissions

File storages permissions include the following: 

![Files storages permissions in OpenProject](openproject_user_guide_file_storages_permissions.png)

Following are the permissions for file storages within OpenProject:

> - **View file links**: allows a user to see the links to connected files, e.g. in work packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **View file links**: Allows a user to see file links to external storages Files tab of work packages
```

> - **Manage file links**: allows a user to create and edit file links in OpenProject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manage file links**: Allows a user to create and edit file links to work packages
```

> - **Manage file storages in project**: UPDATE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manage file storages in project**: Allows a user to add or edit file storages for a project
```

> Following are permissions for **External Storage**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following user permissions are set on files and folder in **External Storages**:
```

- **External Storage: Read files (Nextcloud, OneDrive/SharePoint)**
- **External Storage: Write files (Nextcloud, OneDrive/SharePoint)**
- **External Storage: Create files (Nextcloud)**

> - **External Storage: Delete files (Nextcloud)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **External Storage: Share files (Nextcloud)**
```
